Welcome To Gene Ball's Introduction to Virology.
Where we will be showing you the important things that aren't on the wiki.
Such as how to mitigate Random Chance.
Why a green face on the medhud is fine.
And what stats are TRUELY important.
To start off, I'm going to give these test subjects some pre-made viruses. If I don't start now it might not be done by the time the act is.
One of them is a highly crafted one, completely maxing out stage speed That will be subject A.
The other one is just one bad symptom and spamming virus food until it has six symptoms. That will be subject B.
(GIVE VIRUSES)
END MINUTE ONE.
So the most important part of quickly making a virus is SPEED.
By which I mean, testing as many samples as you can as quickly as possible.
The key to this is using your dropper, and your beaker box.
By right and left clicking the dropper, you can draw 5 units, then dispense 1 unit.
The beaker box just holds all your beakers in a row, and allows you to use the put away hotkey to put them back in the box.
So you fill a line in the box with blood, then mix that line with whatever type you're trying to use.
After that you just test each beaker in the machine.
If it's good, then you keep it and add it back into the main mix.
Once you have a symptom on a virus, you can't keep getting it for that tier. That's why with things like tier 7 and 8 it's better to just add until you have everything on it, then remove with synaptazine.
(does two lines beakers)
END MINUTE TWO

You might have noticed I didn't say anything about neutering symptoms.
That's for bitches.
Real men just sneeze and it spreads the virus for them.
It has the downside of making every healing virus have a minor frowny face.
Sometimes people are stupid and go "oh no I have a frownie face and am sneezing"
Those people are idiots.
But if you really want to do it, just do it the same assembly line style as we did for adding.
TWO:30
One final note: upping resistance is tempting, but stage speed is typically your most important stat.
It ensures things start happening before you get lynched.
You might say "but what about resistances"
The answer to that is typically just making more than one copy of the virus, with one minor symptom changed.
It keeps people on their toes and handles any pesky "cures" that may have been made.
Name them all the exact same thing for memes, or name them circular chemical names so that it's really hard to talk about.